github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/app/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/app/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/state -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/types -> [github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/common -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/config -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/constants
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/config -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/example -> [github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools]
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/migration -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/config
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/retry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/processing
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/conversation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/retry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/utils
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/processing
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/database_detectors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/processing
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/runtime
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/test/testutil -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/test/testutil -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/test/testutil -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/test/testutil -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/server
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/utils -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/utils -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/checkpoint -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/checkpoint -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/checkpoint -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/errors -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/templates
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/constants
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/pipeline
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/internal/runtime/conversation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/execution
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/registry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/orchestration/workflow
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/processing
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/config
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/runtime
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/workflows/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/workflows/core -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> [github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/app/registry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/scanner
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/container -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/workflow
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common/utils -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/database_detectors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/utils
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/retry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/config
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/diagnostics
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/database_detectors -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/database_detectors -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/database_detectors -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/analyze
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/build
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/database_detectors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/security
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/templates
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/deploy -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/security
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/diagnostics
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/scan -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/containerization/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes -> [github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors]
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/processing -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/processing -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/retry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/security -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/utils
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/config
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/config -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/common
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/config
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/utils -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/utils -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation/validators -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/validation/validators -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/diagnostics -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/logging -> [github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/logging
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/persistence/boltdb -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/persistence/boltdb -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/retry
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/persistence/boltdb -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/session
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/security
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/runtime -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/services/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/server -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services]
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/templates -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/core
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors/codes
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/infra/transport -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/types/tools
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/build -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/errors -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/registry -> [github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/registry -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/scanner -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/scanner -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services]
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/session -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/validation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/validation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/validation -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/application/api
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/domain/errors
github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services/workflow -> github.com/Azure/container-kit/pkg/mcp/services
